.\" Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\" Written by Jim Garlick <garlick@llnl.gov>.
.\"
.\" This file is part of ISP, a toolkit for constructing pipeline applications.
.\" For details, see <http://isp.sourceforge.net>.
.\"
.\" ISP is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" ISP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with ISP; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
.TH ISP_FILE_ACCESS 3  2005-03-23 "" "Industrial Strength Pipes"
.SH NAME
isp_file_access \- get pathname associated with file reference
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <isp/isp.h>
.sp
.BI "int isp_file_access(isp_unit_t " u ", char *" key ", char **" pathp  ", int " flags ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBisp_file_access()\fR retrieves the fully qualified path name \fIpathp\fR
associated with the file reference defined by \fIkey\fR from unit \fIu\fR.
.PP
If the file will only be read, then \fBflags\fR should be set to ISP_RDONLY.
.PP
If the file will be written to, \fBflags\fR should be set to ISP_RDWR.
Then if the file was sourced with the ISP_RDONLY flag, \fBisp_file_access()\fR
will transparently source a read-write copy of 
the file and sink the original, returning a reference to the copy in 
\fIpathp\fR.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
ISP_ESUCCESS (0)  is returned on success.  
A nonzero error code which can be decoded with 
\fBisp_errstr()\fR is returned on failure.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR isp_file_source (3),
.BR isp_file_rename (3),
.BR isp_errstr (3)
