.\" Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\" Written by Jim Garlick <garlick@llnl.gov>.
.\"
.\" This file is part of ISP, a toolkit for constructing pipeline applications.
.\" For details, see <http://isp.sourceforge.net>.
.\"
.\" ISP is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" ISP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with ISP; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
.TH ISPCAT 1  2005-12-06 "" "Industrial Strength Pipes"
.SH NAME
ispcat \- create a stream of units from a list of files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "ispcat [-r] [-f filekey] [-b basekey] file ..."
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBispcat\fR converts a list of files to a stream of ISP units, each
containing a reference to one file (default key: \fIfile\fR) and
a metadatum containing the file's basename (default key: \fIbasename\fR).
.PP
The list of files is taken from standard input (one per line) or from
the command line.  All files will have the ISP_RDONLY flag set.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-r\fR, \fB--recursive\fR
Process directories recursively.
.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB--filekey\fR
Change the file key to something other than the default.
.TP
\fB-b\fR, \fB--basekey\fR
Change the basename key to something other than the default.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ispbarrier (1)
.\" .BR ispcat (1)
.BR ispexec (1)
.BR isprename (1)
.BR isprun (1)
.BR ispstats (1)
.BR ispunit (1)
.BR ispunitsplit (1)
