.\" Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\" Written by Jim Garlick <garlick@llnl.gov>.
.\"
.\" This file is part of ISP, a toolkit for constructing pipeline applications.
.\" For details, see <http://isp.sourceforge.net>.
.\"
.\" ISP is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" ISP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with ISP; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
.TH ISPUNIT 1  2005-12-08 "" "Industrial Strength Pipes"
.SH NAME
ispunit \- synthesize a unit
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "ispunit [-n #] [-i|u|d|s|f] key=value ..."
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBispunit\fR creates a unit containing files and metadata
specified on the command line.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-i\fR, \fB--int64\fR key=value
Add a 64 bit integer with the specified key and value.
.TP
\fB-u\fR, \fB--uint64\fR key=value
Add a 64 bit unsigned integer with the specified key and value.
.TP
\fB-d\fR, \fB--double\fR key=value
Add a 64 bit floating point number with the specified key and value.
.TP
\fB-s\fR, \fB--string\fR key=value
Add a character string with the specified key and value.
.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB--file\fR key=value
Add a file reference (read-only) with the specified key and value.
.TP
\fB-n\fR, \fB--numunits\fR n
Replicate the unit n times.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ispbarrier (1)
.BR ispcat (1)
.BR ispexec (1)
.BR isprename (1)
.BR isprun (1)
.BR ispstats (1)
.BR ispunit (1)
.BR ispunitsplit (1)
