.\" Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\" Written by Jim Garlick <garlick@llnl.gov>.
.\"
.\" This file is part of ISP, a toolkit for constructing pipeline applications.
.\" For details, see <http://isp.sourceforge.net>.
.\"
.\" ISP is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" ISP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with ISP; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
.TH ISPEXEC 1  2005-12-06 "" "Industrial Strength Pipes"
.SH NAME
ispexec \- execute UNIX filter on a set of files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "ispexec [-f filekey] -- command [args]"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBispexec\fR executes \fIcommand [args]\fR on each unit, reading standard 
input from a file reference (default key: \fIfile\fR) 
and writing standard output to a new file with a machine generated name.
The new file replaces the old under the same key.
.PP
If the original file had the ISP_RDONLY flag, it is preserved.
Otherwise, it is removed.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB--filekey\fR
Change the file key to something other than the default.
.SH EXAMPLES
To sort the contents of all files in the current working directory in
reverse numeric order, with the results in new files with the same 
basename as the original, and \fI.out\fR appended:
.nf
    ispcat * | ispexec -- sort -rn | isprename
.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ispbarrier (1)
.BR ispcat (1)
.\" .BR ispexec (1)
.BR isprename (1)
.BR isprun (1)
.BR ispstats (1)
.BR ispunit (1)
.BR ispunitsplit (1)
