.\" Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\" Written by Jim Garlick <garlick@llnl.gov>.
.\"
.\" This file is part of ISP, a toolkit for constructing pipeline applications.
.\" For details, see <http://isp.sourceforge.net>.
.\"
.\" ISP is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" ISP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with ISP; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
.TH ISP_UNIT_COPY 3  2005-03-23 "" "Industrial Strength Pipes"
.SH NAME
isp_unit_create, isp_unit_destroy, isp_unit_copy \- create/destroy/copy a unit
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <isp/isp.h>
.sp
.BI "int isp_unit_create(isp_unit_t *" up ");"
.sp
.BI "int isp_unit_destroy(isp_unit_t " u ");"
.sp
.BI "int isp_unit_copy(isp_unit_t *" up ", isp_unit_t " u ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBisp_unit_create()\fR creates a new unit in \fIup\fR.
The new unit does not contain any files or metadata.
.PP
\fBisp_unit_destroy()\fR destroys a unit \fIu\fR.  Memory associated with
any files or metadata is freed, but referenced files are not removed.
.PP
\fBisp_unit_copy()\fR creates a copy of unit \fIu\fR in \fIup\fR, with
all of its files and metadata.  
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
These functions return ISP_ESUCCESS (0) 
on success.  A nonzero error code which can be decoded with 
\fBisp_errstr()\fR is returned
on failure.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR isp_errstr (3)
