.\" Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\" Written by Jim Garlick <garlick@llnl.gov>.
.\"
.\" This file is part of ISP, a toolkit for constructing pipeline applications.
.\" For details, see <http://isp.sourceforge.net>.
.\"
.\" ISP is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" ISP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with ISP; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
.TH ISP_META_SOURCE 3  2005-12-05 "" "Industrial Strength Pipes"
.SH NAME
isp_meta_source, isp_meta_sink \- add/remove metadata from unit
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <isp/isp.h>
.sp
.BI "int isp_meta_source(isp_unit_t " u ", char *" key ", isp_type_t " type ", " ... ");"
.sp
.BI "int isp_meta_sink(isp_unit_t " u ", char *" key ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBisp_meta_source()\fR adds a metadatum defined by \fIkey\fR, \fItype\fR, and 
a value to unit \fIu\fR.  \fItype\fR should be ISP_STR (string), ISP_DOUBLE
(64 bit IEEE floating point), ISP_UINT64 (64 bit unsigned integer), or
ISP_INT64 (64 bit signed integer).  The value must match the type.
.PP
\fBisp_meta_sink()\fR removes a metadatum defined by \fIkey\fR from
unit \fIu\fR.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
ISP_ESUCCESS (0)  is returned on success.  
A nonzero error code which can be decoded with 
\fBisp_errstr()\fR is returned on failure.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR isp_errstr (3)
