.\" Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\" Written by Jim Garlick <garlick@llnl.gov>.
.\"
.\" This file is part of ISP, a toolkit for constructing pipeline applications.
.\" For details, see <http://isp.sourceforge.net>.
.\"
.\" ISP is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" ISP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with ISP; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
.TH ISPPROGRESS 1  2005-12-08 "" "Industrial Strength Pipes"
.SH NAME
ispprogress \- display progress bar
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "ispprogress -n numunits [-l string]"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBispprogress\fR counts the number of units passing from standard input to
standard output and displays an ASCII progress bar on standard error showing
percent complete relative to the number passed in on the command line.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-n\fR, \fB--numunits\fR
Specify the expected number of units, used for computing the 
percentage complete.
.TP
\fB-l\fR, \fB--label\fR
Provide a label to display before the progress bar, otherwise ``progress''
will be used.
.SH CAVEATS
The progress bar will get messed up if other filters send output to standard
error.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ispbarrier (1)
.BR ispcat (1)
.BR ispexec (1)
.BR isprename (1)
.BR isprun (1)
.BR ispstats (1)
.BR ispunit (1)
.BR ispunitsplit (1)
