.\" Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\" Written by Jim Garlick <garlick@llnl.gov>.
.\"
.\" This file is part of ISP, a toolkit for constructing pipeline applications.
.\" For details, see <http://isp.sourceforge.net>.
.\"
.\" ISP is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" ISP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with ISP; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
.TH ISPRUN 1  2005-12-08 "" "Industrial Strength Pipes"
.SH NAME
isprun \- run filters in parallel
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "isprun [-f fanout] [-s|-d] filter [args]"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBisprun\fR is a special ISP filter that starts multiple instances of
\fIfilter\fR as coprocesses.  
Each coprocess is given exactly one unit to work on.
When a coprocess completes its work, its output is folded back into
\fBisprun\fR's standard output.
\fBisprun\fR will run a maximum of \fIfanout\fR coprocesses at any given time.  
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB--fanout\fR
Specify the maximum number of coprocesses that will run at any given time.
A value of zero means unlimited.  Default: 4.
.TP
\fB-d\fR, \fB--direct\fR
Start coprocesses directly as children of \fBisprun\fR.  
This is the default mode.
.TP
\fB-s\fR, \fB--slurm\fR
Start coprocesses using the SLURM resource manager by calling
``\fBsrun --unbuffered --ntasks=1 filter [args]\fR'',
which presumes the default (interactive) partition.
\fBisprun\fR relies on SLURM to reliably forward standard input, 
standard output, and standard error to remote processes.
When insufficient resources are available, \fBsrun\fR blocks
until they are, so while \fBisprun\fR may dutifully keep \fIfanout\fR 
coprocesses running, some may actually be idle.
.SH CAVEATS
The order of units on standard input is not preserved on standard output.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ispbarrier (1)
.BR ispcat (1)
.BR ispexec (1)
.BR isprename (1)
.BR isprun (1)
.BR ispstats (1)
.BR ispunit (1)
.BR ispunitsplit (1)
