.\" Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\" Written by Jim Garlick <garlick@llnl.gov>.
.\"
.\" This file is part of ISP, a toolkit for constructing pipeline applications.
.\" For details, see <http://isp.sourceforge.net>.
.\"
.\" ISP is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" ISP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with ISP; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
.TH ISPRENAME 1  2005-12-06 "" "Industrial Strength Pipes"
.SH NAME
isprename \- rename files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "isprename [-b basekey] [-f filekey] [-e extension]"
.SH DESCRIPTION
Given a unit containing a file reference (default key: \fIfile\fR),
and a string type metadatum (default key: \fIbasename\fR),
rename the file to a new name in the current directory.  The new
name will be the string value plus an extension 
(default: \fI.out\fR).
.PP
If the file has the ISP_RDONLY flag set, it is copied.
If it has ISP_RDWR, it is renamed.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-b\fR, \fB--basekey\fR
Change the basename key to something other than the default.
.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB--filekey\fR
Change the file key to something other than the default.
.TP
\fB-e\fR, \fB--extension\fR
Change the extension appended to the new file name to something 
other than the default.
.SH CAVEATS
The rename system call will fail when source and destination are
on different file systems.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ispbarrier (1)
.BR ispcat (1)
.BR ispexec (1)
.\" .BR isprename (1)
.BR isprun (1)
.BR ispstats (1)
.BR ispunit (1)
.BR ispunitsplit (1)
