.\" Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\" Written by Jim Garlick <garlick@llnl.gov>.
.\"
.\" This file is part of ISP, a toolkit for constructing pipeline applications.
.\" For details, see <http://isp.sourceforge.net>.
.\"
.\" ISP is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" ISP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with ISP; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
.TH ISP_ERR 3  2005-12-06 "" "Industrial Strength Pipes"
.SH NAME
isp_err, isp_errx \- print error message on standard error
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <isp/isp.h>
.sp
.BI "void isp_err(const char * " fmt ", ... );"
.sp
.BI "void isp_errx(int " exitval ", const char * " fmt ", ... );"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBisp_err()\fR prints the filter's program name as registered via 
\fBisp_init()\fR, its position in the pipline in square brackets, and a colon
followed by a formatted message in \fBprintf()\fR style on standard error.
.PP
\fBisp_errx()\fR also calls \fBexit()\fR with \fIexitval\fR.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
These functions always succede.
