.\" Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\" Written by Jim Garlick <garlick@llnl.gov>.
.\"
.\" This file is part of ISP, a toolkit for constructing pipeline applications.
.\" For details, see <http://isp.sourceforge.net>.
.\"
.\" ISP is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" ISP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with ISP; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
.TH ISP_FILE_RENAME 3  2005-03-23 "" "Industrial Strength Pipes"
.SH NAME
isp_file_rename \- rename a file reference
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <isp/isp.h>
.sp
.BI "int isp_file_rename(isp_unit_t " u ", char *" key ", char *" newpath ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBisp_file_rename()\fR renames the file referenced by \fIkey\fP in unit
\fIu\fR to \fInewpath\fP.  The file\'s key is unchanged.  If the file is marked
read-only, \fBisp_file_rename()\fR transparently sources a read-write copy 
of the file and sinks the original.
.PP
Note that the \fBrename()\fR system call will fail if the new file name 
references a different file system than the original.  
\fBisp_file_rename()\fR will return ISP_ERENAME if the system call fails 
for any reason.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
ISP_ESUCCESS (0) is returned on success.  
A nonzero error code which can be decoded with 
\fBisp_errstr()\fR is returned on failure.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR isp_file_source (3),
.BR isp_file_access(3),
.BR isp_errstr (3)
