.\" Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\" Written by Jim Garlick <garlick@llnl.gov>.
.\"
.\" This file is part of ISP, a toolkit for constructing pipeline applications.
.\" For details, see <http://isp.sourceforge.net>.
.\"
.\" ISP is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" ISP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with ISP; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
.TH ISPUNITSPLIT 1  2005-12-08 "" "Industrial Strength Pipes"
.SH NAME
ispunitsplit \- split units
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "ispunitsplit [-k val] [-z n] -f n"
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBispunitsplit\fR splits each unit on standard input into \fIn\fR
units on standard output.  An integer is added to each unit which can
be used to index the pieces.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-k\fR, \fB--key\fR
Set the key name used for the index value.  Default: split.
.TP
\fB-z\fR, \fB--zero\fR
Set the origin of the indexes.  Default: zero.
.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB--factor\fR
Set the \fIsplit factor\fR (number of units out per unit in).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ispbarrier (1)
.BR ispcat (1)
.BR ispexec (1)
.BR isprename (1)
.BR isprun (1)
.BR ispstats (1)
.BR ispunit (1)
.BR ispunitsplit (1)
