.\" Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\" Written by Jim Garlick <garlick@llnl.gov>.
.\"
.\" This file is part of ISP, a toolkit for constructing pipeline applications.
.\" For details, see <http://isp.sourceforge.net>.
.\"
.\" ISP is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" ISP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with ISP; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
.TH ISP_UNIT_READ 3  2005-03-23 "" "Industrial Strength Pipes"
.SH NAME
isp_unit_read, isp_unit_write \- read/write a unit
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <isp/isp.h>
.sp
.BI "int isp_unit_read(isp_handle_t " h ", isp_unit_t *" up ");"
.sp
.BI "int isp_unit_write(isp_handle_t " h ", isp_unit_t *" u ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBisp_unit_read()\fR reads the next unit from handle \fIh\fR and stores
it in \fIup\fR.  
The caller is responsible for freeing the returned unit.
\fBisp_unit_read()\fR can block waiting for data to be read
from the handle\'s file descriptor.  
.PP
\fBisp_unit_write()\fR writes a unit \fIu\fR to handle \fIh\fR.
The unit is copied internally, thus the caller must free.
Write a NULL unit to signify end of file.
\fBisp_unit_write()\fR can block waiting for data to be 
written to the handle\'s file descriptor.  
.PP
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
These functions return ISP_ESUCCESS (0) on success.  
A nonzero error code which can be decoded with 
\fBisp_errstr()\fR is returned on failure.
\fBisp_unit_read()\fR returns ISP_EEOF on end of file.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR isp_init (3),
.BR isp_unit_create (3),
.BR isp_unit_map (3),
.BR isp_unit_init (3),
.BR isp_errstr (3)
