.\" Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\" Written by Jim Garlick <garlick@llnl.gov>.
.\"
.\" This file is part of ISP, a toolkit for constructing pipeline applications.
.\" For details, see <http://isp.sourceforge.net>.
.\"
.\" ISP is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" ISP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with ISP; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
.TH ISP_FILE_SOURCE 3  2005-03-23 "" "Industrial Strength Pipes"
.SH NAME
isp_file_source, isp_file_sink \- add/remove file references from unit
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <isp/isp.h>
.sp
.BI "int isp_file_source(isp_unit_t " u ", char *" key ", char *" path ", int " flags ");"
.sp
.BI "int isp_file_sink(isp_unit_t " u ", char *" key ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBisp_file_source()\fR adds a file reference defined by \fIkey\fR and 
\fIpath\fR to unit \fIu\fR.  If \fIflags\fR is set to ISP_RDONLY, subsequent
calls to \fBisp_file_sink()\fR will not unlink the file in the file system, and
calls to \fBisp_file_access()\fR on this file with the ISP_RDWR flag will 
transparently source a read-write copy of the file and sink the original.
.PP
If \fIpath\fR is not fully-qualfied (e.g. it does not begin with a slash),
the current working directory is prepended to the path when it is stored 
in the unit.
.PP
\fBisp_file_sink()\fR removes a file reference defined by \fIkey\fR from
unit \fIu\fR and unlinks the file in the file system if it is not
read-only.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
ISP_ESUCCESS (0)  is returned on success.  
A nonzero error code which can be decoded with 
\fBisp_errstr()\fR is returned on failure.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR isp_file_access (3),
.BR isp_file_rename (3),
.BR isp_errstr (3)
