.\" Copyright (C) 2005 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" Produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (cf, DISCLAIMER).
.\" Written by Jim Garlick <garlick@llnl.gov>.
.\"
.\" This file is part of ISP, a toolkit for constructing pipeline applications.
.\" For details, see <http://isp.sourceforge.net>.
.\"
.\" ISP is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" ISP is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
.\" FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with ISP; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA.
.TH ISP_UNIT_INIT 3  2005-12-06 "" "Industrial Strength Pipes"
.SH NAME
isp_unit_init, isp_unit_fini, \- initialize/finalize a unit
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <isp/isp.h>
.sp
.BI "int isp_unit_init(isp_unit_t " u ");"
.sp
.BI "int isp_unit_fini(isp_unit_t " u ", int " result ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBisp_unit_init()\fR initializes a result entry in the unit for this filter.
It should be finalized with a call to \fBisp_unit_fini()\fR.
.PP
\fBisp_unit_fini()\fR finalizes the result entry in the unit for this
filter.  The system, user, and real time since the unit was initialized
is recorded along with the \fBresult\fR code, which should be
ISP_SUCCESS (0) or one of the other ISP error codes.
.PP
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
These functions return ISP_ESUCCESS (0) 
on success.  A nonzero error code which can be decoded with 
\fBisp_errstr()\fR is returned on failure.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR isp_errstr (3)
